update learning objectives for prep and sprint 1 projects (#126)
CodeYourFuture/immersive-go-course: projects/http-auth/README.md

## Learning objectives:

> - Use Go’s net/http package to build start a simple server that responds to local requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Go's net/http package to build start a server that responds to local requests
```

> - Use HTTP GET and response codes
> - Transfer data with cURL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make HTTP GET requests using cURL
- Respond to HTTP get requests with relevant response codes from a Go server
```
